For data collection, we decided to analyze France, Italy and Germany in their entirety, i.e., we took data from all locations available on the site, not restricting it to one city. 
Since some specialties were present in some countries and not in others, we decided to manually choose which specialties would be collected, and they had to be present in all 3 countries. 
With that in mind, we considered the subsection of the French version of website listing all the specialties "Toutes les spécialités"(https://www.doctolib.fr/specialities), there is a short list with some more general specialties, chosen by the site itself, apert from all the others more specific specialties, which should be declared by the physicians themselves. As an example, in the general section we have the Neurologist specialty, while in the more specific one we have Neuropathology. 
Since there are specialties with very few physicians in, the more specific ones, the chances that there is no equivalence in other countries are higher, and therefore, for data collection, we chose all the specialties listed in the general section of the French website (having equivalence in the other sites).
From that list, we extracted: Dentist, Generalist Physician, Pediatrician, Gynecologist, Optician, Dermatologist-Venereologist, Osteopath, Pedicure-Podologist, Obstetrician, Otorhinolaryngologist, Urologist, Rheumatologist, Endocrinologist, Orthopedist, Nutritionist, Psychologist, Neurologist, Psychiatrist, Radiologist, Cardiologist, Gastroenterologist, Plastic Surgeon.
In addition, we have chosen 5 more specific specialties for future comparison of the availability of doctors with more in-depth knowledge in a certain subject. Collecting also: Geriatrician, Hematologist, Sports Physician, Pulmonologist and Nuclear Physician.
Finally, we chose 3 alternative medicine specialties, to compare how countries receive this type of treatment. We then extracted: Acupuncturist, Chiropractor and Homeopath.
The data collection was very time consuming as we were blocked by Doctolib. We used Google Colab to run the code and execute the data collection, so the machine's IP was fixed and it was not possible to change this value to mask the automatic data collection. We tried to include waiting times between each request, however, still often the site would block the collection by detecting that it was a robot and the code would terminate its execution, forcing us to restart the collection. 
One other method we tried to reduce the losses due to execution errors was to generate intermediate csv's during the execution, so we generated v1,v2 and a final version, trying to avoid repeting requests.
In preprocessing, we transformed textual information and lists in binary or numeral columns and discarted the ones that will not be useful for our analysis.